Hello and welcome to my
new leesplay by sims 4
you just look at it
great design just class
I really like it but first I want
see the famous gallery sims 4
then there are three tabs home
community page and my library
the most important thing is the community of course
because here we can scream
plot series
yes, but this is kind of all that while we can
do here till maybe soon we will
here already download some clothes
something else and still here we can swing rooms
money is like this and my library is here
all characters you create will be
kept up but in general there is still laying
noticeboard and menu here
game setting help learning
updates and captions also here achievement
manage cities
save main menu save save
and of course get out of the game yes well in general
I do not know I will not you there is nothing
show
but only that training is shown here
how to do that
if you are interested and if you do not have a game
you wonder what you are here to me
write i can take a picture of myself
in the group throw off all these photos you
can read
given if you want in general that is all
so so that we can proceed to
creating our family
and so these are my characters
have turned out
the first character is katherine house she
sister jonathan of chaos they are brother and sister
he is a teenager and she is us young and
so now you will show her dream to all
life and character she has a serial
romantic she is a romantic foodie and practical
and I'll show you her clothes now.
everyday
and here are casual clothes by the way costumes
sleepwear and clothing for
parties
I really like these leggings this
In general, tights can be considered but to me
it seems so cool yes and now
Jonathan and so Jonathan's dream throughout
living a bodybuilder is he active and
your board and for something new
these characters can fraternally
cuddle with other characters with
character trait in the board recruited
confidence next to them and come
watching sports
programs and he we have an athlete by the way
casual formal wear
sleepwear and clothing for
parties in general we have such characters
It turned out that we start playing
finally
so what do we need to keep
yes, let's see a portrait by chance
the market cute let's squeeze something else
no eyes crazy okay let's
that would be nice
save and play look what
class boot screen just me so
I like everything super and so your move
a character needs to live with us somewhere
you have some perfect houses but
willow scream choice and lazy springs with
each house you will get a unique
neighbors and hobbies but do not worry you
you can always go or move
to any world in the sims 4
in general, that 's it
and I think that already in the next series we
we will move somewhere and start
play finally the same yes while I am with
say goodbye so thank you all for
viewing if you liked this video
then you can put your finger up and
Write a comment
as well as subscribe to my channel
see you in the next series all bye